Build your own helm chart , that will help to deploy all the services with single commands.

1. Create heml chart for common chart for all micro services
    helm create easybank-common
    ( it will include the pre defile heml chart for create and web application, update/remove helm chart. )
    Chart.yml - meta info about heml chart
    value.yml - dynamic values for chart
    charts/ - will have other charts which the current chart dependent on
    templates/ - folder contains the manifest template yaml files

   - delete all the folders and files from templates
   - remove all the values from value.yml

 2. Create the template for that will be used for deployment i.e. configmap, deployment and service ( these 3 was only used for manual deployment in k8s)
    inside templates folder.
 3. Values will passed for which ever chart will use this template , so no need to use the common value.yaml

 4. Create the folder for services
 5. Create the helm for all services and update the values.
    Add any dependencies in the chart.yaml
    dependencies:
      - name: easybank-common  ---> chart-name
        version: 0.1.0         ---> chart-version ( easybank-common/Chart.yml-version
        repository: file://../../easybank-common/easybank-common

    5.1 add the templates for micro service ( to deploy account ms only service and deployment needed)
      and add define it.
    5.2 update the values.yaml with service level values
    5.3 compile helm chart for generating all the dependencies
        helm dependencies build ( on the success build dependent charts will be generated and added to charts folder)

    copy and change the values and name in charts ( common is already generate and same can be used , so no need to build it again )


  6. Create helm chart for environment configurations
  7. To verify generate helm template to verify the kubernetes manifest files ( final yaml files)
   helm template . ( at the path of chart.yaml)


  8. Get the other product helm chart from bitnami "https://github.com/abhiabcl/charts"
     Add the helm chart for keycloak - update the clusterIp to loadbalance to expose this and configure the username and password to login in values yaml.
     build it and install it.
     helm dependencies build
     helm install keycloak keycloak

   -- Helm for kafka
    copy bitnai helm chart & update the values as per requirement i..e replicaCount for controller, security SSL/PLAINTEXT
    helm dependencies build
    helm install kafka kafka

   -- Helm for prometheus
     copy and update the values as per requried i.e. additionalScrapeConfigs - enable and make in internal
     add the configuration for internal jobList to scrap the metrices for local MS

    To view do the port forward and view the targets
    kubectl port-forward prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0 9090:9090

